MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 AthanasiusOfAlex

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


Note: My code is licensed with the MIT license, which is compatible with all
versions of the GPL. However, the Poppler library is licenced with GPL 2 or
GPL 3. Thus, if you intend to use this code to link to the Poppler library,
it must retain a license compatible with either license, and the work as a
whole must be licensed under one of those two versions or, like Poppler, as
either version 2 or version 3. You are free to copy and paste my own code
(say, if you want to use it to interact with a different C++ library, even
one that is incompatible with the GPL) and modify it under the terms of the
MIT license.
